# jobPro
This website will consist of 3 applications running on React - a job tracker, an API for tailored resumes and cover letters and an extension to auto-fill the tracker during your job hunt


As this is the beginning of the project, I will use this Readme to describe the plan for the project:

Step 1) Job tracker
---------------------

The easiest way to move forward with this project is to follow a user journey through the website. I will mark with brackets the areas that are not related to the job tracker directly, which could therefore be implemented at a later point in time.

a) Index:
----------
The index will consist of a nav/main/footer:
Nav bar : Logo/home anchor | link for tracker |(link for CV generator)|(link for cover letter generator)|[account stuff]
if no user logged in the account stuff = Log in | register otherwise it displays My Account| SignOut

Footer: About | ToS | Cookies | Contact | My projects

A new user arrives on the landing page and will see the nav bar prompting the user to register some description of what each app does and its benefits and finally a snapshot of what the jobtracker looks like and another button to register

The user then goes to register by filling in a form asking for email, password, repeat password. If the e-mail/password are correct and not in database, the user registers and arrives to the landing page. 

b) The landing page
-------------------

They will then be prompted to upload a CV, which directs them to the account settings page, they upload a document, which is saved against their account.

Account Settings:
-----------------
On this page, the user can see their e-mail address.
They can change their password by typing in their existing password, a new password and confirming the new password. If they are qualified, the password is updated
The user will also be presented with the CV section. In this section the user can upload a maximum of 3 CVs. Each CV needs to have a description or name to help the user select the right one.
If the user has CVs stored, they are able to remove them from the account, allowing them to add a new one.

After the user has added a CV, they return to the landing page, by clicking on the logo on the nav bar.

The user will see an empty table as they haven't got any applications registered. They will be prompted to add a new job application taking them to the newJob page.

b)NewJob
---------
The user is presented with a form. The form will ask the user for the following:
Company name: 
Job title:
Pay: 
Job description:
Comments:
Company LinkedIn:
Person of interest (abv POI) (such as hiring manager/potential colleagues) name
POI linkedIn URL
Add extra info - select [telephone | url|email] : text
Stage: - select [research|active|applied|follow ups|interviewing|offers|reject/reviews]
[add]

Once added the information is pushed to a database. The user is then sent to the 'view all applications page' .

c) All Applications

On this page, the user can see their newly added application in a table similar to a project table, with the columns [research|active|applied|follow ups|interviewing|offers|reject/reviews]
The application is in a container that can be dragged and dropped into any columns, updating the stage attribute accordingly. The container presents the following to the user:

_______________________________    
|Company Logo | Company name   |  
|Pay:                          |
|Application date:             |
|Next Steps                    |
|______________________________|


The logo is generated by checking the name with an API (need to research) which returns a url that's formatted to fit within the containter
If the user (either clicks on the job description or a button) they will be able to view the application with more detail.


viewApplication page:

On this page, the user can see their application with the following details.

Logo - Company name
Job title: {job title} - edit
Pay: {pay} - edit
Description: {job description?}
Remote/hybrid: {} - edit
Location: {}
POI details (name, emails,linkedIn URLs, etc)
When did you apply?
Comments- edit
(Urgency score)
(snapshot of CV)

select- [research|active|applied|follow ups|interviewing|offers|reject/reviews] - [update]


An urgency score will be calculated based on date of application (+ score of CV vs job requirements) to help the user prioritise certain jobs.
(A snapshot of the CV will be available to ensure the user can remember the details of their tailored CV).







Step 2) GPT API 
Step 3) google extension
